Adding in Cloudbuild documentation (#501)
GoogleChrome/lighthouse-ci: docs/getting-started.md

</details>

<details>
<summary>Google Cloudbuild</summary>
<br />

**NOTE:** Learn more about the [security tradeoffs](./recipes/docker-client/README.md#--no-sandbox-container-tradeoffs) behind use of the `--no-sandbox` Chrome option before proceeding.

**.lighthouserc.js**

```js
module.exports = {
  ci: {
    collect: {
      settings: {chromeFlags: '--no-sandbox'},
    },
    upload: {
      target: 'temporary-public-storage',
    },
  },
};
```

**Notes**
* `LHCI_BUILD_CONTEXT__CURRENT_BRANCH` doesn't pick up the right variables in cloudbuild so passing through `$BRANCH_NAME` will fix this.

> * `machineType` defines the machine you can pick. The bigger the better (see: https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/blob/master/docs/variability.md). Look through the [Cloudbuild machine pricing](https://cloud.google.com/cloud-build/pricing)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `machineType` defines the machine you can pick. The bigger the machine the more stable the performance results will be (see [Lighthouse variability documentation](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/blob/master/docs/variability.md)). WARNING: Look through the [Cloudbuild machine pricing](https://cloud.google.com/cloud-build/pricing) before deciding on a machine type.
```

**cloudbuild.yml**

```yaml
steps:
  - id: 'install'
    args: ['npm', 'ci']
    name: node:14-alpine

  - id: 'build'
    waitFor: ['install']
    name: node:14-alpine
    args: ['npm', 'run', 'build']

  - id: 'lighthouse'
    waitFor: ['build']
    name: cypress/browsers:node14.15.0-chrome86-ff82
    entrypoint: '/bin/sh'
    args: ['-c', 'npm install -g @lhci/cli@0.6.x && lhci autorun --failOnUploadFailure']
    env:
      - 'LHCI_BUILD_CONTEXT__CURRENT_BRANCH=$BRANCH_NAME'

options:

>   machineType: 'N1_HIGHCPU_32'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  machineType: 'N1_HIGHCPU_8'
```

WDYT about starting with 8 by default? the getting started guide isn't meant for folks to be relying on the stability of metric results from the get-go and maybe we add a note to the later stages about increasing the machine type (for whatever your CI is)? 

that way all the examples are fairly consistent too since I know the other machine types in other CI examples won't have 32 cores :)

Author: Yeah agreed. We didn't test at that due to our build having many other bits to it. I think good to have it at 8 and mention the ability to improve. 

Happy to take a look at the other CIs and try and document something here
